readme.md, before:

# Pokémon Go Font

Whilst working on my site located at eggfriends.me I found myself needing various Pokémon Go related icons and decided to make my own icon font.

## Getting Started

Just download the whole thing and you can open the .sfd file with [FontForge](https://fontforge.github.io/en-US/)


## Tools used

* [FontForge](https://fontforge.github.io/en-US/) - The font creation tool (for the .sfd file)
* [Inkscape](https://inkscape.org/) - Vector Graphics editor (for the .svg files)
* [svgomg](https://jakearchibald.github.io/svgomg/) - When FontForge complains about .svg files being too complex, try feeding them through this site
* [Gimp](https://www.gimp.org/) - For getting colour information out of the .png files
* [ColorZilla gradient editor](http://www.colorzilla.com/gradient-editor/]) - For graphically creating CSS gradients

## License

.png's copyright Niantic
.svg's other than the teamicons were created by me, consider them copyleft
The teamicon .svg's. were found over on [reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheSilphRoad/comments/4rk25f/all_pokemon_go_team_logos_including_cleaner_valor/) without a license

Commit message:

Added form elements to readme.

readme.md, after:

# Want a preview?

Head on over to [axeia.github.io/Pokemon-Go-Font/](https://axeia.github.io/Pokemon-Go-Font/) for a preview of all the icons currently implemented in the font.

# Pokémon Go Font

Whilst working on my site located at eggfriends.me I found myself needing various Pokémon Go related icons and decided to make my own icon font. It's based on the [Latos-Regular](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Lato) font which is released under an [Open Font License](https://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL_web) and happens to be the font used within Pokémon Go so you may want to use it for the font itself in addition to icons I have added.

In addition to just icons there's also CSS for styling some form elements.

All icons I have added reside in the [Unicode Private Use Area](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private_Use_Areas)

## Getting Started

Just download the whole thing and you can open the .sfd file with [FontForge](https://fontforge.github.io/en-US/) or if you're just interested in using the icons index.html will show you what is available including the HTML needed, don't forget to include the content of style.css in your own CSS file though.

Do note that Browser Support might prevent some of the CSS being applied properly to the evolution items in particular. I have tested and finetuned it in Firefox 65.0 and Chrome 71.0. Internet Explorer renders everything except for the evolution items fine, you may want to change the CSS For that to something that doesn't use as many advanced CSS properties if Internet Explorer support is of importance to you.

## Tools used

* [FontForge](https://fontforge.github.io/en-US/) - The font creation tool (for the .sfd file)
* [Inkscape](https://inkscape.org/) - Vector Graphics editor (for the .svg files)
* [svgomg](https://jakearchibald.github.io/svgomg/) - When FontForge complains about .svg files being too complex, try feeding them through this site
* [Gimp](https://www.gimp.org/) - For getting colour information out of the .png files
* [ColorZilla gradient editor](http://www.colorzilla.com/gradient-editor/]) - For graphically creating CSS gradients

## Want to contribute?
The item-upgrade icon is misaligned and could do with a real artists touch, the cloud icon (in all relevant weather icons) is also a bit of a mess. Other than that I'm open to suggestions! 

## License

.png's copyright Niantic
.svg's other than the teamicons were created by me, consider them copyleft
The teamicon .svg's. were found over on [reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheSilphRoad/comments/4rk25f/all_pokemon_go_team_logos_including_cleaner_valor/) without a license
